so a couple weeks ago we smashed the
world record for the longest
professional rocket league match in
history I gathered two teams of pro
players and few casters $1,000 in prize
pool money and my trusty editor Paco to
make this thing happen pretty simple
right oh you guys have no idea but at
the time neither did we
I've had the idea of going for a world
record like this for a while something
like a 20 minute Pro Rock is a game but
it never quite seemed compelling enough
to make happen it is until Paco
presented a little modification to my
idea instead of just going for a world
record like a 20-minute game what if we
played even longer what if we played
until we couldn't play anymore so we set
out the test how long an unlimited match
could be played on a private server in
our to test the server's failed at
around 50 minutes and then at around 2
hours 20 minutes okay we thought this
could be doable next I sent out an
invitation to find our pro players I
wanted to make it worth their while so I
put up $1,000 as the prize pool and soon
we had our poor poor volunteers well
that is until they came to their senses
as the event drew near of the original
six pros that signed up half backed out
after realizing how grueling this could
potentially become eventually I came up
with our replacement starters lined up a
couple subs in case the starters needed
to go to the bathroom or I don't know
eat
I invited some more casters as well to
pop in throughout the match to help me
and Paco cast a live stream which in my
mind was gonna last at most six to eight
hours looking back that was a stupid
assumption I'm gonna tell you the story
of this event in a series of 20 of my
favorite moments from the livestream in
sequential order so you can kind of see
how the event progressed by the way this
video was sponsored by audible I'm happy
to recommend audible because I was
already a member before they even
approached me why because one of my
favorite ways to improve in rocky league
is actually through multitasking with
audio books basically free play and
training can get pretty boring so I put
on audible in the background get lost in
a great story and time flies by I'd like
to try this out for yourself you can get
a 30-day free trial with one audiobooks
credit and unlimited access to each
month selection of audible originals go
to audible.com slash sunless Khan or Tex
sunless con - 500 - 500 I've been
listening to the 1965 science fiction
novel dune and I'm loving it so far also
right now
you can stream an incredible collection
of stories completely free no strings
attached at stories audible.com don't
even need an account just click a title
and listen back to the world's longest
game we were under way we had no idea
what was gonna happen or how long the
game was gonna last I have zero
experience casting rocket League events
we had no rulebook or plan of action for
the players be expected maybe a thousand
people at most watching yeah no they
were like five thousand people watching
our only plan was to wing it and see
what happens like an out-of-control
train speeding down the tracks with no
brakes and five thousand screaming
passengers let's get started shall we
here we go guys the longest game bets on
the final score 267 to 2 or 34 that's a
good guess we got off to a great start
to the longest game when I forgot to
change the default match length to
unlimited speed immediately score Hardy
toxic oh wait no I didn't make this game
unlimited something's this is a
five-minute game woops remember I said
this is guff guys for the first 30
minutes or so things were pretty
uneventful
the orange team comprised of let the
mere magic bear and speed gathered
themselves an 18 to 7 lead over the blue
team made up of violent panda shock and
virtuoso however at minute 28 this
happened now my question is who gives up
first like and when I said give with no
ghosts artsy driving around upside down
replays are broken replays have broken
guys we get no replays it happen 28
minutes so for the rest of the game
after a goal was scored the ball
immediately reset for the kickoff this
was actually more of a blessing than a
curse as it allowed things to move a
little faster and that wasn't the only
thing to break in the lobby if we jump
ahead a little bit this also happened oh
wait a second I think my my cream
actually for the White Russians it goes
out of date tomorrow that's really
important oh you're just gonna have to
timer broke timer broke we have a token
timer so what the timer broken at around
the 83rd minute I replaced it with a
manual timer in my stream and on we went
eventually we were joined in the booth
by our LCS casters jor B and Shogun
we're then pressured into doing
play-by-play for the game as if it was
an official our LCS match which led to
this knife couldn't get the shot another
one coming in and it's just blocked up
high it's actually really difficult on
disc or no double touch for violet panda
that's cleared away by left yeah but it
might not last long up to the wall left
puts his shrimp to the middle this is
the solving tense passing plays that he
tries to teach unfortunately they don't
tend to learn them as it's gonna drop
straight to the middle yet again violent
panda great clear - virtuoso it's like
the map is way too small for a game that
it goes this bloody quick magic bear the
only member of hardship doing anything
this game taken away by violent panda
and he doesn't have a shot cuz I told
him only flick for the rest of the game
that's a good little touch my left me
are trying to find the shot it's back to
magic bean goes the better infinite
amount of time remaining I gotta say I
think the blue team they might have a
hope apparently the chat loved your B so
much
this little copypasta emerged derby is a
disgrace to rock league I saw him at
McDonald's once he took the food off my
plate took a huge bite of everything
call the apply rat and then kicked me in
the dick
they also pressured me into doing
play-by-play which didn't quite go as
smoothly we're at oh we're almost gonna
hit six six six six oh no that won't
happen because minutes and seconds
because time because that's how time
works who came up with that the Romans
so we could just have into the feed
wedding so we can have a steak and a
cheesy straw
what's a cheesy straw it's basically
cheesy pastry so like a cheese thing
like Cheetos
no no Cheetos like covered with oh are
you saying like a breadstick filled with
cheese oh my god as the orange team
extended their lead on the scoreboard
jumping out to 68 to 40 lead we were
joined by our LCS analyst James bot who
eventually got so bored he resorted to
this by your letters Chad our substitute
started seeing some action as the player
started to need bathroom breaks with
Jacob making an appearance and later
spewed up with this lightning-fast
substitution
that his internet kids need him Marvin
go go go go go
wow that was instant that was amazing
good stuff reminds me of like a Red Bull
Formula One racing pitstop how well that
was ex again that was amazing that was
beautiful two and a half hours we had
our first moment of players rebelling
against the game with this little bit of
fun from Letham here well that's so bad
that they came in to see what's going on
oh the anarchy players have stopped
what's going on over here oh they can
because they're up by 30 goals we're
seeing some BM from the orange team for
the first time what do you mean they're
just having a conga line it's a normal
strat Wow they're rebelling this is the
we have not seen this yet they've taken
it very seriously so far we have a conga
line at around our three and a half the
blue team scored its 69th goal
unfortunately the orange team had 116
gold by this time so we decided to check
in on one of our pros speed who joined
us in the casting booth
hey seed welcome to the casting booth
[Music]
are you okay my theory is that psionics
heard about all my complaining about the
service being trash just as I'm about to
play play until the server dies because
they equally know how boring this game
can get off you play the same thing for
three and a half hours speed also
happened to be streaming and looking
back we did not realize just how much
this man was losing his mind until now
[Music]
it was clear our players were growing
weary but what they didn't realize was
how many donations were rolling in from
viewers to increase the prize pool once
we told speed that his money had tripled
it did have a very inspiring effect do
you know do you know the prize pool
right now no it's up to over three
thousand dollars oh my god unfortunately
even money seems pointless when fatigue
truly sets in violet panda who actually
had been streaming for four hours before
this event even began was definitely
reaching an interesting point in his
stream matters weren't helped when the
rest of the players pulled this little
stunt some of them actually are pro
players some of them play in our LCS Wow
thanks to that information dezirian I
guess I will tune in next time to see RL
what's going on out here what's
happening the players are all driving in
circles
is it it now they're pretending surely
the surfer de-seed we're done no but
they couldn't quit
what's happening what happened panda I'm
sitting in that waiting I think it's
over no drive around drive around panda
are they faking their fake
I knew it
Viceroy they actually coordinated that
really well all right it's 98 to 171 we
had lots of great guests on the stream
throughout the day including surprise
appearances from some of my favorite
pros and youtubers I've got a new caster
who's coming in right now who he goes by
the name of rosy look who it is
Oh Razi himself how's the game going
well it's very competitive it's 110 to
209 right we're about 5 hours 27 minutes
in so it's I've never seen a silver
lasts more than an hour and I'm sure
sign up for two john salmon is in the
chair is in the voice trap welcome to
the middle of the marathon stretch pro
six hours actually unbelievable think
about that there's probably somebody in
chat who doesn't have six hours logged
into this viewers were really having fun
with the creative donation messages
especially when they realized I was
making Paco read them out loud which led
to this amazing moment I would be on the
record if you guys message anything that
says roar and nuzzles in it I'm not
reading it out loud
taco readin I finally found Paco's limit
there you go
how are you bounces on you you're so
warm never bowled someone's happy now
who's your Nicky Wicky
we're happy to pull you over so big
[Laughter]
[Music]
perfect time for me to leave one pro who
didn't seem to be struggling at all was
magic bear the dude played for nearly
the entire stream without a substitution
or break and ended up tying for the most
individual goals with left amir which
was about 10 percent of the prize pool
as we got further into the event
psionics was paying extra close
attention their community manager Devin
was especially attentive making sure we
all knew that this was a totally normal
server and they definitely weren't
making sure it stayed up okay I have I
have info from psyonix that was just DM
to me what hi I've been walking the
stream there is no ETA on when the
server will go down could theoretically
go on forever huge thanks to psionics
for helping out with this event by the
way obviously I didn't think through the
consequences when I accepted their help
but we definitely wouldn't have had this
lovely long event without their help the
first time science is cared about their
servers anyway let's move on trying to
be a human here like I'm not gonna
I leave now though I still get paid
these are all great questions guys
left is not disqualified because he had
a situation where his literal power went
out so that's not something he can
control it's not like he left his power
went out and that means he didn't get
this book so if I pull my plug out once
the prize pool hit $5,000 we weren't
sure what to do none of us expected
people to be that generous thinking we'd
at most hit maybe 3k thankfully my good
friend Seth aka Cuban Kaiser helped us
figure out the answer to that problem
when he did one of the most selfless
acts of the entire stream so it's just
like a muddy match right now between
violence a safe healthy with his one
thousand dollar donation to charity we
now had shifted our focus from just a
bunch of gamers playing the longest game
to actually benefiting real people and
even more donations started to roll in
to the now charity stream nine and a
half hours in we ran into some real
trouble when an outsider joined the
lobby 5g will take down the server okay
do it oh no somebody got it what they're
trying to break the story got in with
donations oh no someone figured it out
that's a pretty bad password shut up
it's pretty random as my lovely friends
pointed out my password was not very
secure and again this is a moment that
really showed how naive and stupid I am
when it
comes to live events and it's also just
another reason why we'll never do this
again
cheating system I'm put splitting the
server down speed I need to open your
console and act the system boat is the
end loomed near the event had petered
out into something completely different
than when it started in some ways this
was amazing we had raised over 5,000
additional dollars for charity which we
had not planned for but another thing
that we didn't plan for is the amount of
subs and pastors that had joined the
event the entire blue team was now gone
and replaced by other people and the
orange team was nearly completely
different as well
the amazing rocket leaves liqui pedia
staff actually kept track of almost
every substitution in the street when I
planned the event I had three subs in
place and the idea was that we would
play until the server's died or one team
surrendered I clearly did not do a good
job of explaining this or enforcing it
at all and that's definitely on me again
I was too naive and didn't really set
this expectation and as the night went
on we went a little overboard with the
subs it turned into a marathon event
rather than simply going for the longest
game and that led us to the next moment
I decided that we would end the game at
the 11th hour this made some people
upset at me and I've had a wonderful
time the last week reading the opinions
of these lovely people there's a lot of
things I could have done better in this
stream but I don't regret ending it when
I did you'll just have to trust me there
in the end we raised over $7000 for
charity and we're able to pay our
players from a prize pool of over $5,000
for participated which is probably the
best thing about this whole event I'm
just a dude who has no idea what he's
doing
yet with the help of some friends I was
able to make something cool happen and
actually benefit real people it wasn't
perfect but overall good things came out
of it and for that I'm grateful to this
community thanks guys
oh yeah my records already broken
[Music]